Use 'agent' term where possible, stop using 'blacklist' and 'whitelist' (#3469)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/security/advisory/2017-07-10.adoc

If no job context exists, Overall/Administer permission is required.

> == Unsafe methods in the default allowed signature list in Script Security Plugin

Reviewer: I think "list of approved signatures" is a little better, and is what you used in most other places:

```suggestion
== Unsafe methods in the default list of approved signatures in Script Security Plugin
```

    groovy.json.JsonOutput.toJson(Closure)
    groovy.json.JsonOutput.toJson(Object)

> These have now been removed from the list of allowed signatures and added to the list of dangerous signatures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These have now been removed from the list of approved signatures and added to the list of dangerous signatures.
```
